[Music]
uh-oh
villains are everywhere on earth why
they showed up all at once
we'll never know what we need is a hero
hopefully one that doesn't wear their
underwear on the outside
time to step up scientists down in the
lab they're already busy selecting the
best bits of dna
nature has to offer the plan take the
best bits from different animals
and mix it all into the ultimate
all-natural superhero serum superheroes
are
fast very fast nature's hero needs quick
reflexes
and none compare to the long-legged fly
when startled this fly has a response
time of less than five milliseconds
if you tried to photograph this little
guy it would come up blurry
nine times out of ten hey must be camera
shy
but being able to dodge out of a photo
might not be the exact skill our hero
needs
how about some dna from one of the
smartest invertebrates
i'm talking about lightning fast
reflexes and amazing reaction skills
octopuses are one of nature's greatest
escape artists
they're even smarter than some humans
maybe a lot of humans
each octopus has three hearts and nine
brains
oh and it hates wearing a suit to work
every arm
they're actually not tentacles has a
brain of its own
with a central doughnut looking brain
controlling the body as a whole
that means each arm can move around like
its own person
it can react faster than a pro baseball
player even with eight gloves
but that's not all the octopus can give
our hero
they along with cuttlefish have sweet
camouflage skills
their skin can match the color texture
and pattern of their background
hide and seek champions members of that
family
so basically squid cuttlefish snails
slugs and the super genius octopus are
actually colorblind scientists are as
confused as you are
what makes these creatures unique is
that they have light sensing
cells all over their skin not just in
their eyes
imagine being able to see with your
entire body
360 vision not bad for a superhero
super strength is the next challenge and
the dung beetles
ready to step up it can pull over a
thousand times its own weight
so relative to body weight it's the
strongest animal out there
that's like you hauling around 13
elephants or
35 000 chihuahuas hey where'd all those
dogs even come from
the dung beetle makes it look easy plus
it moves objects around by doing a
handstand
our hero definitely needs that
time for protection if you're expecting
nature to lend us pangolin or armadillo
skin dna
you'd be way off nature's hero needs to
be agile too
the best bet is to mix in some camel
skin dna
it's a desert animal so it makes sense
that its skin
is ridiculously tough it can withstand
the burning hot desert sand
and the blazing hot sun at least
scientists didn't choose whale skin
even though it's the toughest by far
having skin
over a foot thick might give a superhero
great protection
but getting through a door would be a
real problem
there's two main things that life needs
in order to survive
oxygen and water our hero shouldn't have
to worry about
that kind of stuff especially if
villains are around
scientists decide to mix in a little
bornean flathead frog
and thorny devil lizard dna that way our
hero won't ever have to stop by the
convenience store for some bottled water
the flat-headed frog doesn't need lungs
its body absorbs oxygen through its skin
being so flat gives it a huge surface
area
it isn't exactly the most efficient way
to get oxygen
so it's a good thing the frog doesn't
need to move around too much
the thorny lizard can give our hero
protection but it's also got a clever
water transportation technique
it sucks up water through its feet so it
never needs to stop for a drink
just like a sponge the water defies
gravity and gets
sucked upwards so nature's hero just
needs to step on something wet
instead of carrying a bottle around
being a superhero is
hard work and takes time we don't need
our hero stopping for a taco every
couple of hours
instead of saving the world the green
sea slug drifts around
shallow waters trying to find itself
some delicious algae
once it's had its fill it's done for
months
or even forever it's one of the only
animals on earth that can
photosynthesize
that thing that plants do to get energy
it's basically its very own
solar battery it doesn't need to stop
and eat all the time like
us which also saves a whole bunch of
bathroom time
no more bathroom breaks for the new
breed of nature's heroes
pop some of that dna in the mix for sure
all superheroes have some sort of super
speed
nature's hero needs just that time to
talk
flying speed the peregrine falcon can
easily reach speeds of up to 55 miles
per hour flapping their wings
not exactly lightning fast but their
true speed lies in their dive
the falcon spots its target at a
distance does some quick calculation
and drops it over 200 miles per hour
with pinpoint accuracy these birds have
evolved their bodies to be totally
aerodynamic when they die they're still
able to breathe through their nose and
see their dinner
they've got a rod and fin in each
nostril to slow the airflow their eyes
have special shields that block out any
dust
and bam dinner is served
now diving that fast is great but
nature's hero needs to fly straight as
well
we're going to need to add in some great
maneuverability
that calls for a very special flyer but
it isn't a bird
the brazilian free-tailed bat hardly
weighs
anything but that doesn't stop it from
being the most agile flying creature
reaching speeds of up to 100 miles per
hour in horizontal flight
this little mammal is nature's acrobat
of the sky
definitely going to need some of that
lightweight and agile the perfect
combination for nature's hero plus a
bat's bio sonar vision might come in
handy
for some late night crime solving we
have speed
and strength what a combo but what a
real hero needs
is a bit of wham power nature's hero
is going to need the power of the mantis
shrimp it has a punch force of 340
pounds
that's like having a pan to fall on you
it has a jab speed of 50 miles per hour
underwater
which is so fast it actually makes a
shock wave
if the fist doesn't get you the shock
wave will
it's wing is so powerful and fast it can
actually boil water
nature's hero is also going to need a
big dose of the fastest
jaw in the world the trap jaw ant can
close its jaws
at an amazing 140 miles per hour that's
000 times faster than you can blink and
faster than i can read this
this bite isn't only for protection they
also use it to make a stylish gadget
its very own ejector seat
when it bites the ground at warp speed
it can launch one and a half feet into
the air
now that doesn't sound very high but
when they do it as a group
and popcorn everywhere scale that up to
human size
and nature's hero would have a serious
vertical leap
nature's got our hero set for survival
flight
speed camouflage never needing to use a
public toilet
jumping with its mouth drinking water
out of a puddle
hmm what other powers would nature's
hero need
what about durability to give our hero
the best chance of survival
we need to mix in a big spoonful of
tardigrade dna
this tiny thing only lives about two
years when not exposed to extreme
conditions
not exactly a world record so what makes
it so special
this little creature has been found all
over the planet in some seriously
extreme locations antarctica the sahara
desert
even on mount everest it can even
survive being in space
with no spacesuit astronauts put them
outside their space station for 10 days
no water no oxygen no food how do they
survive
well they can turn on hibernation at
will so
when the going gets tough they just slow
their body functions
way down until someone's kind enough to
let them back in the space station
a little tardigrade dna and nature's
hero would be able to survive
anything ah the perfect superhero dna
syrup
hopefully this recipe doesn't get into
the wrong hands